we send directly from the sigma stand and around
the following minutes will bring you
we had to climb up in here
internal or internal backstage
area where you can see all the things
We were not allowed on the trade fair
take to the regular exhibition area
but had to film here completely
interesting I thought we were doing
if we already have the possibility
have to come in there then
We also film and that's why we want
Just show what you see now
this year to photokina 2012 has new
I'll just start
yes, here I have it for example
new 17 70 with image stabilizer
That's the classic lens kit
replacement lens so if you look at one
camera buys and 18 550 then it is
that definitely the better variant of it
that is, and the b 28 has a
variable aperture over the focal length so
until aperture 4
but through image stabilizer and through
The optical quality is the real thing
insanely better than the kit
objective but that is for ours
area not so interesting now
which is much more interesting what we here
can show is that is currently attached
the sd1 furniture and I'll try
just with one hand off
is this objective I have here
a 35 millimeter 1 to 1.4 lens that
An open aperture is called a maximum
open aperture from 1 21 to 14
incredible high-speed lens and
In my opinion, the 35 mm
focal length ideal
between the fifties and the 24th
Example exist 50 is on
weddings or on reportages often
even in emergency situations a bit too long
you take pictures and you already have
again a slight zoom in me
or this is normal focal length
up is a bit of focused 24 mm
with me often I am very far in the
company camera and there were missing many times
So this intermediate piece is not stronger
between piece and that is just the 35th
mm 1 4l probably faster focus so
I'm really curious what it can and
I'm curious about the raw data
the optical quality at the Volksbank
then after a camera will be one
Another innovation is the 120 to 300 mm
at 28 this is of course a real one
Debris but here you can see that too
sigma tries in the high end area
clearly increase
the finish is top one has here
continuous the aperture of 1 to 2 8 has
also a built-in image stabilizer
and some other companies are shy
yes still in this swamp super tele
jensen
to install these screens motors
but is extremely interesting for ours
area people portrait photography i
know several photographers specifically
blind 28 300 mm want to work and at
the objective one has then one more
play a bit and if both with them
but I'm already impressive what
find impressive what you see
here from the stack just leaves so too
if you do not have mine every day now
camera would hang
the lens definitely not but it is
just times
his house bank another thing the
i can imagine is this
incredible ingenious pancake lens
it has a usb connection and you can
The objective images can be viewed directly
store in the laptop purely without a camera
So you do not need a camera anymore because
it is nonsense
we have fun here because of me
In any case , I think we have to
definitely have some news here
the really interesting and indeed
supplies sigma as the first manufacturer of
lenses a calibrated tool
for the photographer
I have the lid here then I can
I also do the bayonet there
I would just do that objectively
sit on
I have to do it all now
with one hand open it up
Of course you need it if I am so
folded
I do not want to continue now because
you need it you put it on it closes
with usb to the computer and then can
here for example the focus
speed d focus so new focus
tuning yourself on the lens and is
so no longer on any
corrections or whatever year
instructed rhythms checks and
but can do much more namely the
Objectively to his own needs
to adjust
For example, some people do not like it
fast focus slowly makes my focus
or maybe like different focus focus
possibilities in the way I would
say that's right
interesting let alone of these
six 40 megapixel monsters the sd 1 mill
but apart so 35 14
I'm pretty fascinated anyway
from the 85 14 by sigma a great one
fixed focal length with that I will now
Do not even have to look what's up
comes out at the moment
Maybe I can beat this one here
I would take it home but me
I'm really curious if my camera